[Instruction Executor] Allow joint and pose targets for all motion functions (#491)
UniversalRobots/Universal_Robots_Client_Library: doc/architecture/instruction_executor.rst

* Execute OptimoveL point to point motions (For PolyScope 5.21 / PolyScope 10.8 and later)
* Execute sequences consisting of the motion primitives above

Joint and Cartesian targets
---------------------------

Every motion function comes in two flavours:

* A "native" overload whose parameter is the target type that matches the underlying URScript
  command (``vector6d_t`` for ``moveJ`` / ``optimoveJ``, ``urcl::Pose`` for ``moveL``, ``moveP``,
  ``moveC`` and ``optimoveL``). Braced-initializer-list calls such as
  ``moveJ({ q1, q2, q3, q4, q5, q6 })`` bind to this overload and keep the behaviour from older
  releases.
* A ``urcl::MotionTarget`` overload that accepts either a ``urcl::Q`` (joint configuration) or a
  ``urcl::Pose`` (Cartesian pose). This lets the same function perform a motion whose target type
  does not match the URScript command's natural argument, e.g. ``moveJ(urcl::Pose{...})`` to reach
  a Cartesian target with a joint-interpolated motion, or ``moveL(urcl::Q{...})`` to perform a
  linear tool-space motion towards the pose implied by a joint configuration.

An ``urcl::Pose`` may optionally carry ``q_near`` (``std::optional<urcl::Q>``), a joint configuration

> hint for IK when the pose is sent over the trajectory interface; see :ref:`trajectory_point_interface`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hint for inverse kinematic solver to select the desired joint angle solution,
when the pose is sent over the trajectory interface; see :ref:`trajectory_point_interface`.
```
